Fixes #15148 - updates article to match react 18 (#15196)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/react_getting_started/index.md

The `import` statements at the top of the file allow `App.js` to use code that has been defined elsewhere. Let's look at these statements more closely.

```js
import logo from './logo.svg';
import './App.css';
```

> The first statement imports a logo from `'./logo.svg'`. Note the use of `./` at the beginning of the path, and the `.svg` extension at the end — these tell us that the file is local and that it is not a JavaScript file. Indeed, the `logo.svg` file lives in our source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first statement imports a logo from `'./logo.svg'`. Note the use of `./` at the beginning of the path and the `.svg` extension at the end — these tell us that the file is local and that it is not a JavaScript file. Indeed, the `logo.svg` file lives in our source directory.
```

```js
import React from 'react';
import logo from './logo.svg';
import './App.css';
```

The first statement imports the React library itself. Prior to the React 17 release in 2020, skipping this step would result in an error: React turned the JSX we write into `React.createElement()`, so all React components needed to import the `React` module. React 17 introduced a new, rewritten version of the JSX transform that makes this statement unnecessary, with backported support to React 16.14.0, React 15.7.0, and React 0.14.10 (read more on the [official React doc](https://reactjs.org/blog/2020/09/22/introducing-the-new-jsx-transform.html)). While you will see this statement reappear throughout our tutorial, when you use `create-react-app` now, you will see that `import React from 'react'` has already been omitted.

Note that we don't write a path or extension when importing the `React` module — this is not a local file; instead, it is listed as a dependency in our `package.json` file. Be careful of this distinction as you work through this lesson!

> The second statement imports a logo from `'./logo.svg'`. Note the use of `./` at the beginning of the path, and the `.svg` extension at the end — these tell us that the file is local and that it is not a JavaScript file. Indeed, the `logo.svg` file lives in our source directory.

Reviewer 2: @schalkneethling The new React transform has been backported to older React versions as well.

```js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';
import './index.css';
import App from './App';
import reportWebVitals from './reportWebVitals';

const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
root.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>
);

// If you want to start measuring performance in your app, pass a function
// to log results (for example: reportWebVitals(console.log))

> // or send to an analytics endpoint. Learn more: https://bit.ly/CRA-vitals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// or send to an analytics endpoint.
// Learn more here: https://bit.ly/CRA-vitals
```

Author: Many thanks for actually making the suggested changes. This one improves but differs from the auto-generated code. So I am leaving it unchanged. Thanks

Reviewer 3: I agree with [himanshugarg](https://github.com/himanshugarg). That comment is not their original content, it is supposed to match verbatim the template generated by create-react-app.

https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/main/packages/cra-template/template/src/index.js#L16

reportWebVitals();
```

As with `App.js`, the file starts by importing all the JS modules and other assets it needs to run. 

> The first two statements import the React and ReactDOM libraries because they are referenced later in the file. We don't write a path or extension when importing the `React` or `ReactDOM` modules — these are not local files; instead, these are listed as dependencies in our `package.json` file. Be careful of this distinction as you work through this lesson!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first two statements import the `React` and `ReactDOM` libraries because they are referenced later in the file. We don't write a path or extension when importing these libraries because they are not local files. In fact, they are listed as dependencies in our `package.json` file. Be careful of this distinction as you work through this lesson!
```

> `src/index.css` holds global styles that are applied to our whole app. We can also see our `App` component imported here; it is made available for import thanks to the `export` statement at the bottom of `App.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index.css` holds global styles that are applied to our whole app. We can also see our `App` component imported here; it is made available for import thanks to the `export` statement at the bottom of `App.js`.
```

Line 7 calls React's `ReactDOM.createRoot()` function with the DOM element inside which we want the component to be rendered, in this case the element with an ID of `root`. If you look inside `public/index.html`, you'll see that this is a `<div>` element just inside the `<body>`. The function returns the `root` which we can use to `render` a React element into the DOM.

Line 8 calls `root.render()` with the component we want to render, `<App />` in this case.

All of this tells React that we want to render our React application with the `App` component as the root, or first component.

> **Note:** In JSX, React components and HTML elements must have closing slashes. Writing just `<App>` or just `<img>` will cause an error.

> The [reportWebVitals()](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/measuring-performance) function allows you to measure the performance of your web page on the user's device, but it is not in scope for this article. You can delete line 5, as well as most of the code below it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [reportWebVitals()](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/measuring-performance) function allows you to measure the performance of your web page on the user's device; however, explaining that function is outside the scope of this article. You can delete line 5, as well as most of the code below it.
```
Please check that the suggested text conveys the intended meaning.

reportWebVitals();
```

As with `App.js`, the file starts by importing all the JS modules and other assets it needs to run.

The first two statements import the `React` and `ReactDOM` libraries because they are referenced later in the file. We don't write a path or extension when importing these libraries because they are not local files. In fact, they are listed as dependencies in our `package.json` file. Be careful of this distinction as you work through this lesson!

`index.css` holds global styles that are applied to our whole app. We can also see our `App` component imported here; it is made available for import thanks to the `export` statement at the bottom of `App.js`.

> Line 7 calls React's `ReactDOM.createRoot()` function with the DOM element inside which we want the component to be rendered, in this case the element with an ID of `root`. If you look inside `public/index.html`, you'll see that this is a `<div>` element just inside the `<body>`. The function returns the `root` which we can use to `render` a React element into the DOM.

Reviewer 4: I quite like how the [latest beta docs for React](https://beta.reactjs.org/apis/react-dom/client/createRoot#create-root) explain what `createRoot` does and returns:

> React will create a root for the `domNode`, and take over managing the DOM inside it.
